Um, it's aggravating and I 'm not happy.
because I'm not happy
all of 15 hours of the day 24 a day
before I travel all ending
preparations to leave everything ready
channel for you I recorded in the last
five days ago 40 videos to be able to bet
four videos every day in these
on these routes on this trip that I'm going
do
And what's up guys?
you have managed to identify my
problem
I'm out of internet on the internet.
3 pm today and 3 pm today
now she has not come back all disheveled
because I'm nervous, I'm angry
it's seven o'clock now or nine o'clock
hours 19 and 20 to be more accurate and
internet did not come back gave problem in
copel and simply fell on the internet and
never came back so i need
send four more channel videos yet
which was an important video of the new
series that I started and also internet
Shit and I travel tomorrow but the team
You already have to be there at the bus station.
be my bus and they gave me term
24 hours to get back crap
internet how will I stay 24 hours without
internet guy being that I work with
internet, I'm tired
Wow, I'm really angry, I'm serious.
passing
the programs for the pen drive that like
There is no internet, there is no way to move.
in other buck too so I'm
using my pen drive here
I'm passing sony vegas or photoshop o
adobe premiere pro pedro was installed
an ultrabook from the farm to take to the
trip to work there but not
I'm worried about this, I'm worried
worried about videos
managed to divert and I left a friend
my farms are also half for me and me
I can not even pick up
I put it on youtube and then
dis is feeling mine too
oh my gosh jesus it 's okay not to have a day
very good day 24 the note today is not
It was a good day and I did not even start
My suitcase is still changing. I'm messing around.
I will not try to fix this with this business.
the bags now work and the internet
return until bedtime on the day
videos or at least until the time that
I take the bus
that's what they let go and do the
he came back after six seven
hours without being able to send the videos
so there will be no missing video from the channel
rest assured the bag did not
absolutely nothing because you asked for it
I expected her to get a scholarship along with
her right one screen my bag is not that
is that tomorrow I go out on the trip
bus arriving there everything else
cool, very lucky
I hope it arrives safely there.
and that's it now I'm going to test that sony
vegas nuno ultrabook da quina e
installing photoshop now but I'll go
I'm going to test the sony vegas already
Running until tomorrow, the guys kisses.
it 's not a crime since the website said